[Logs] Update Datadog optional parameters (#15157)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/logs/get-started/enable-destinations/datadog/index.md

    - **Datadog API Key**, can be retrieved by following [these steps](https://docs.datadoghq.com/account_management/api-app-keys/#add-an-api-key-or-client-token).

>     - **Service**, **Hostname**, **Datadog ddsource field**, and **ddtags** fields can be set as URL parameters. For more information, refer to the [Logs section](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/logs/) in Datadog's documentation. While these parameters are optional, they can be useful for indexing or processing logs. Note that the values of these parameters may contain special characters, which should be URL encoded.

Reviewer: Perhaps:
```suggestion
    - Datadog **service**, **host**, **ddsource**, and **ddtags** fields can be set as URL parameters. For more information, refer to the [Logs section](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/logs/) in Datadog's documentation. While these parameters are optional, they can be useful for indexing or processing logs. Note that the values of these parameters may contain special characters, which should be URL encoded.
```

Reviewer: Never mind. These fields matches with the UI.
